bluetooth capability
mac computer
windows computer
accelerometer based
companion android app
companion phone app
compatible phone
compatible smartphone
compatible smart phone
android app
iphone app
activity tracking
amazon fire
incoming call
gps satellite
incoming text
internet connection
online account
online community
android smartphone
android tablet
satellite connectivity
apple iPhone
android capability
android compatible
auto sync
auto upload
automatic syncing
automatically connect
automatically download
automatically reconnect
automatically subtract
automatically sync
automatically transfer
automatically upload
big mac
bike computer
blue tooth connection
bluetooth connection
bluetooth antenna
bluetooth classic
bluetooth device
bluetooth dongle
bluetooth earbud
bluetooth earphones
bluetooth earpiece
bluetooth headphone
bluetooth headset
bluetooth music control
bluetooth pairing
bluetooth radio
bluetooth range
bluetooth receiver
bluetooth signal
bluetooth smart
bluetooth speaker
bluetooth stack
bluetooth synchronization
bluetooth syncing
bluetooth transmission
bluetooth connection
bluetooth antenna
bluetooth classic
bluetooth device
bluetooth dongle
bluetooth earbud
bluetooth earphones
bluetooth earpiece
bluetooth headphone
bluetooth headset
bluetooth music control
bluetooth pairing
bluetooth radio
bluetooth range
bluetooth receiver
bluetooth signal
bluetooth smart
bluetooth speaker
bluetooth stack
bluetooth synchronization
bluetooth syncing
bluetooth transmission
bluetooth smart
blutooth headphone
blutooth connectivity
bose headphone
bose wireless
bt connection
bt connectivity
bt dongle
bt pairing
bt signal
bt transmitter
cable plug
built-in usb plug
built in usb
phone call
data transfer
database
data base
data export
exercise machine
exporting data
galaxy phone
desktop application
desktop client
desktop software
cars bluetooth
cell coverage
cellphone alert
garmin connect
gym cardio machine
gym machine
headphone jack
headphone plug
headphone port
headphone control
integrated usb plug
incoming call alert
incoming call
incoming email
incoming message
incoming phone
incoming text
installation
internal accelerometer
internal component
internet browser
internet connection
internet search
kindle tablet
macbook
network access
network connection
reconnect automatic
mac compatible
mac mini
mac os
mac pro
magnetic connector
machine wash
manual sync
manually sync
sync wireless
transferring data
transfer data
metal conenctor
mobile app
mobile device
charger plug
chrome browser
cloud server
compatible device
competitive
connectivity
usb plug
usb connection
usb cord
usb dongle
usb cradle
usb dock
usb extension
usb slot
usb antenna
usb cable
usb wireless
washing machine
web app
web address
web application
web based
web browser
web developer
web interface
web page
web search
web platform
web-based interface
web-based software
web-based solution
wireless dongle
wire less dongle
usb cable
web site
website
on-line chat
on-line community
on-line dashboard
on-line manual
online manual
online portal
online chat
online forum
online tutorial
online dashboard
social network
upload wirelessly
windows computer
windows phone
windows pc
phone app
phone call
phone finder
phone locator
phone ring
phone notification
phones camera
phones gps
restart
plug ins
plugs in
plug in
galaxy
synch
synced
sync
connected
connector
connection
cord
dongle
connect
competition
wireless
wire less
competing
compete
website
wi-fi 
wifi
mac
satellite
desktop
computer
headphone
headphones
disconnecting
disconnect
earphone
earplug
browser
i-phone
usb
gps
upload
bluetooth
blue tooth
mobile phone
mobile network
smartphone app
smart phone app
smart phone
smartphone
motorola phone
tablet
cell phone
windows
